README.md, before:

# Sensu [![Ansible Galaxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/galaxy-cmacrae.sensu-660198.svg?style=flat)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/cmacrae/sensu/)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cmacrae/ansible-sensu](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/cmacrae/ansible-sensu?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This role deploys a full [Sensu](https://sensuapp.org) stack, a modern, open source monitoring framework.

## Features
- Deploy a full [Sensu](https://sensuapp.org) stack, including RabbitMQ, Redis, and the [Uchiwa dashboard](https://uchiwa.io/#/)
- Tight integration with the Ansible inventory - deployment of monitoring checks based on role defined in your inventory
- Fine grained control over dynamic client configurations
- Automatic generation and dynamic deployment of SSL certs for secure communication between your clients and servers
- Highly configurable

## Documentation [![Documentation](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansible-sensu/badge/?version=latest)](http://rtfm.cmacr.ae/)
[Read the full documentation](http://rtfm.cmacr.ae/) for a comprehensive overview of this role and its powerful features.

## Supported Platforms
### Current Release
- [SmartOS - base-64 15.x.x](https://docs.joyent.com/images/smartos/base#version-15xx)
- [Ubuntu - 15.04 (Vivid Vervet)](http://releases.ubuntu.com/15.04/)

### Future Releases
- OpenBSD
- FreeBSD
- NetBSD
- EL (RHEL/CentOS)
- Debian

## Role Variables
All variables have sensible defaults, which can be found in `defaults/main.yml`.
The current version includes the following variables:

## Defaults

### [RabbitMQ Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/rabbitmq)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `rabbitmq_config_path` | `/etc/rabbitmq` | Path to the RabbitMQ configuration directory |
| `rabbitmq_config_template` | `rabbitmq.config.j2` | The template to use for the RabbitMQ service configuration |
|` rabbitmq_host` | `"{{ groups\['rabbitmq_servers']\[0] }}"` | The hostname/IP address of the RabbitMQ node |
| `rabbitmq_port` | 5671 | The transmission port for RabbitMQ communications |
| `rabbitmq_pkg_state` | present | The state of the RabbitMQ package (should be set to `present` or `latest`) |
| `rabbitmq_server` | `false` | Determines whether to include the deployment of RabbitMQ |
| `rabbitmq_service_name` | rabbitmq-server | The name of the RabbitMQ service |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_user_name` | sensu | Username for authentication with the RabbitMQ vhost |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_password` | sensu | Password for authentication with the RabbitMQ vhost |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_vhost` | `/sensu` | Name of the RabbitMQ Sensu vhost |

### [Redis Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/redis)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `redis_host` | `"{{ groups['redis_servers'][0] }}"` | Hostname/IP address of the Redis node |
| `redis_server` | `false` | Determines whether to include the deployment of Redis |
| `redis_pkg_repo` | _undefined_ |  The PPA to use for installing Redis from (specific to Debian flavored systems) |
| `redis_pkg_state` | present | The state of the Redis package (should be set to `present` or `latest`) |
| `redis_port` | 6379 | The transmission port for Redis communications |

### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_api_host` | `"{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}"` | Hostname/IP address of the node running the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_port` | 4567 | Transmission port for Sensu API communications |
| `sensu_api_ssl` | "false" | Determines whether to use SSL for Sensu API communications |
| `sensu_api_user_name` | admin | Username for authentication with the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_password` | secret | Password for authentication with the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_uchiwa_path` | `''` | Path to append to the Sensu API URI for Uchiwa communications |
| `sensu_api_timeout` | 5000 | Value to set for the Sensu API timeout |
| `sensu_client_config` | `client.json.j2` | Jinja2 template to use for node configuration of the Sensu Client service |
| `sensu_config_path` | `/etc/sensu` | Path to the Sensu configuration directory |
| `sensu_gem_state` | present | State of the Sensu gem - can be set to `latest` to keep Sensu updated |
| `sensu_plugin_gem_state` | present | State of the Sensu Plugins gem - can be set to `latest` to keep Sensu Plugins updated |
| `sensu_group_name` | sensu | The name of the Sensu service user's primary group |
| `sensu_include_plugins` | `true` | Determines whether to include the `sensu-plugins` gem |
| `sensu_include_dashboard` | `false` | Determines whether to deploy the Uchiwa dashboard |
| `sensu_master` | `false` | Determines if a node is to act as the Sensu "master" node |
| `sensu_user_name`| sensu | The name of the Sensu service user |

### Sensu/RabbitMQ SSL certificate properties
``` yaml
sensu_ssl_gen_certs: true
sensu_ssl_client_cert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/client/cert.pem"
sensu_ssl_client_key: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/client/key.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_cacert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/sensu_ca/cacert.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_cert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/server/cert.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_key: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/server/key.pem"
```

### [Uchiwa Properties](http://docs.uchiwa.io/en/latest/)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `uchiwa_dc_name` | _undefined_ | Datacenter name for Uchiwa instance |
| `uchiwa_path` | `/opt/uchiwa` | Path to the Uchiwa configuration directory |
| `uchiwa_redis_use_ssl` | `false` | Determines whether to use SSL for Redis communication |
| `uchiwa_user_name`| admin | The user-name to log into Uchiwa |
| `uchiwa_password` | admin | The password to log into Uchiwa |
| `uchiwa_port` | 3000 | The TCP port to bind the Uchiwa web service to |
| `uchiwa_refresh` | 5 | The interval to pull the Sensu APIs in seconds |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_sha256sum` | _undefined_ | The SHA256 hash sum to use for verification of the Uchiwa package being fetched (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_path` | _undefined_ | The path to fetch the Uchiwa package to (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_version` | _undefined_ | The version of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_url` | _undefined_ | The URL of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |

## Ubuntu
### [Redis Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/redis)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `redis_pkg_repo`   | `'ppa:rwky/redis'` | The PPA to use for installing Redis from |


### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_user_name`    | root        | The name of the Sensu service user |
| `sensu_group_name`   | root        | The name of the Sensu service user's primary group |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_sha256sum` | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The SHA256 hash sum to use for verification of the Uchiwa package being fetched |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_path` | `/root/uchiwa_latest.deb` | The path to fetch the Uchiwa package to |
| `uchiwa_pkg_version` | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The version of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_url`  | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The URL of the Uchiwa package to fetch |

## SmartOS
### [RabbitMQ Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/rabbitmq)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `rabbitmq_config_path` | `/opt/local/etc/rabbitmq` | Path to the RabbitMQ configuration directory |
| `rabbitmq_service_name` | rabbitmq | The name of the RabbitMQ service |

### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_config_path` | `/opt/local/etc/sensu` | Path to the Sensu configuration directory |

## Example Playbook

``` yaml
  - hosts: all
    roles:
      - role: cmacrae.sensu
```
Or, passing parameter values:

``` yaml
  - hosts: sensu_masters
    roles:
	  - { role: cmacrae.sensu, sensu_master: true, sensu_include_dashboard: true  }
```

License
-------
MIT

Author Information
------------------
Created by [Calum MacRae](http://cmacr.ae)

Feel free to:  
Contact me - [@calumacrae](https://twitter.com/calumacrae), [mailto:calum0macrae@gmail.com](calum0macrae@gmail.com)  
[Raise an issue](https://github.com/cmacrae/ansible-sensu/issues)  
[Contribute](https://github.com/cmacrae/ansible-sensu/pulls)

Commit message:

Allow user to determine if RMQ/Redis should be deployed

README.md, after:

# Sensu [![Ansible Galaxy](https://img.shields.io/badge/galaxy-cmacrae.sensu-660198.svg?style=flat)](https://galaxy.ansible.com/cmacrae/sensu/)

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/cmacrae/ansible-sensu](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/cmacrae/ansible-sensu?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

This role deploys a full [Sensu](https://sensuapp.org) stack, a modern, open source monitoring framework.

## Features
- Deploy a full [Sensu](https://sensuapp.org) stack, including RabbitMQ, Redis, and the [Uchiwa dashboard](https://uchiwa.io/#/)
- Tight integration with the Ansible inventory - deployment of monitoring checks based on inventory grouping
- Fine grained control over dynamic client configurations
- Automatic generation and dynamic deployment of SSL certs for secure communication between your clients and servers
- Highly configurable

## Documentation [![Documentation](https://readthedocs.org/projects/ansible-sensu/badge/?version=latest)](http://rtfm.cmacr.ae/)
[Read the full documentation](http://rtfm.cmacr.ae/) for a comprehensive overview of this role and its powerful features.

## Supported Platforms
### Current Release
- [SmartOS - base-64 15.x.x](https://docs.joyent.com/images/smartos/base#version-15xx)
- [Ubuntu - 15.04 (Vivid Vervet)](http://releases.ubuntu.com/15.04/)

### Future Releases
- OpenBSD
- FreeBSD
- NetBSD
- EL (RHEL/CentOS)
- Debian

## Role Variables
All variables have sensible defaults, which can be found in `defaults/main.yml`.
The current version includes the following variables:

## Defaults

### Service Deployment Options
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
|`sensu_deploy_rabbitmq` | `true`    | Determines whether or not to use this role to deploy/configure RabbitMQ |
|`sensu_deploy_redis`    | `true`    | Determines whether or not to use this role to deploy/configure Redis |
_Note: The above options are intended to provide users with flexibility. This allows the use of other roles for deployment of these services._

### [RabbitMQ Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/rabbitmq)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `rabbitmq_config_path` | `/etc/rabbitmq` | Path to the RabbitMQ configuration directory |
| `rabbitmq_config_template` | `rabbitmq.config.j2` | The template to use for the RabbitMQ service configuration |
|` rabbitmq_host` | `"{{ groups\['rabbitmq_servers']\[0] }}"` | The hostname/IP address of the RabbitMQ node |
| `rabbitmq_port` | 5671 | The transmission port for RabbitMQ communications |
| `rabbitmq_pkg_state` | present | The state of the RabbitMQ package (should be set to `present` or `latest`) |
| `rabbitmq_server` | `false` | Determines whether to include the deployment of RabbitMQ |
| `rabbitmq_service_name` | rabbitmq-server | The name of the RabbitMQ service |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_user_name` | sensu | Username for authentication with the RabbitMQ vhost |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_password` | sensu | Password for authentication with the RabbitMQ vhost |
| `rabbitmq_sensu_vhost` | `/sensu` | Name of the RabbitMQ Sensu vhost |

### [Redis Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/redis)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `redis_host` | `"{{ groups['redis_servers'][0] }}"` | Hostname/IP address of the Redis node |
| `redis_server` | `false` | Determines whether to include the deployment of Redis |
| `redis_pkg_repo` | _undefined_ |  The PPA to use for installing Redis from (specific to Debian flavored systems) |
| `redis_pkg_state` | present | The state of the Redis package (should be set to `present` or `latest`) |
| `redis_port` | 6379 | The transmission port for Redis communications |

### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_api_host` | `"{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}"` | Hostname/IP address of the node running the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_port` | 4567 | Transmission port for Sensu API communications |
| `sensu_api_ssl` | "false" | Determines whether to use SSL for Sensu API communications |
| `sensu_api_user_name` | admin | Username for authentication with the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_password` | secret | Password for authentication with the Sensu API |
| `sensu_api_uchiwa_path` | `''` | Path to append to the Sensu API URI for Uchiwa communications |
| `sensu_api_timeout` | 5000 | Value to set for the Sensu API timeout |
| `sensu_client_config` | `client.json.j2` | Jinja2 template to use for node configuration of the Sensu Client service |
| `sensu_config_path` | `/etc/sensu` | Path to the Sensu configuration directory |
| `sensu_gem_state` | present | State of the Sensu gem - can be set to `latest` to keep Sensu updated |
| `sensu_plugin_gem_state` | present | State of the Sensu Plugins gem - can be set to `latest` to keep Sensu Plugins updated |
| `sensu_group_name` | sensu | The name of the Sensu service user's primary group |
| `sensu_include_plugins` | `true` | Determines whether to include the `sensu-plugins` gem |
| `sensu_include_dashboard` | `false` | Determines whether to deploy the Uchiwa dashboard |
| `sensu_master` | `false` | Determines if a node is to act as the Sensu "master" node |
| `sensu_user_name`| sensu | The name of the Sensu service user |

### Sensu/RabbitMQ SSL certificate properties
``` yaml
sensu_ssl_gen_certs: true
sensu_ssl_client_cert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/client/cert.pem"
sensu_ssl_client_key: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/client/key.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_cacert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/sensu_ca/cacert.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_cert: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/server/cert.pem"
sensu_ssl_server_key: "{{ dynamic_data_store }}/{{ groups['sensu_masters'][0] }}/{{ sensu_config_path }}/ssl_generation/sensu_ssl_tool/server/key.pem"
```

### [Uchiwa Properties](http://docs.uchiwa.io/en/latest/)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `uchiwa_dc_name` | _undefined_ | Datacenter name for Uchiwa instance |
| `uchiwa_path` | `/opt/uchiwa` | Path to the Uchiwa configuration directory |
| `uchiwa_redis_use_ssl` | `false` | Determines whether to use SSL for Redis communication |
| `uchiwa_user_name`| admin | The user-name to log into Uchiwa |
| `uchiwa_password` | admin | The password to log into Uchiwa |
| `uchiwa_port` | 3000 | The TCP port to bind the Uchiwa web service to |
| `uchiwa_refresh` | 5 | The interval to pull the Sensu APIs in seconds |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_sha256sum` | _undefined_ | The SHA256 hash sum to use for verification of the Uchiwa package being fetched (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_path` | _undefined_ | The path to fetch the Uchiwa package to (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_version` | _undefined_ | The version of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_url` | _undefined_ | The URL of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |

## Ubuntu
### [Redis Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/redis)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `redis_pkg_repo`   | `'ppa:rwky/redis'` | The PPA to use for installing Redis from |


### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_user_name`    | root        | The name of the Sensu service user |
| `sensu_group_name`   | root        | The name of the Sensu service user's primary group |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_sha256sum` | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The SHA256 hash sum to use for verification of the Uchiwa package being fetched |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_path` | `/root/uchiwa_latest.deb` | The path to fetch the Uchiwa package to |
| `uchiwa_pkg_version` | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The version of the Uchiwa package to fetch (specific to Linux systems) |
| `uchiwa_pkg_download_url`  | _See `vars/Ubuntu.yml`_ | The URL of the Uchiwa package to fetch |

## SmartOS
### [RabbitMQ Server Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/rabbitmq)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `rabbitmq_config_path` | `/opt/local/etc/rabbitmq` | Path to the RabbitMQ configuration directory |
| `rabbitmq_service_name` | rabbitmq | The name of the RabbitMQ service |

### [Sensu Properties](https://sensuapp.org/docs/0.21/install-sensu)
| Name               | Default Value | Description                  |
|--------------------|---------------|------------------------------|
| `sensu_config_path` | `/opt/local/etc/sensu` | Path to the Sensu configuration directory |

## Example Playbook

``` yaml
  - hosts: all
    roles:
      - role: cmacrae.sensu
```
Or, passing parameter values:

``` yaml
  - hosts: sensu_masters
    roles:
	  - { role: cmacrae.sensu, sensu_master: true, sensu_include_dashboard: true  }
```

License
-------
MIT

Author Information
------------------
Created by [Calum MacRae](http://cmacr.ae)

Feel free to:  
Contact me - [@calumacrae](https://twitter.com/calumacrae), [mailto:calum0macrae@gmail.com](calum0macrae@gmail.com)  
[Raise an issue](https://github.com/cmacrae/ansible-sensu/issues)  
[Contribute](https://github.com/cmacrae/ansible-sensu/pulls)
