docs/dynamic_checks.md, before:

# Check Deployment
One of the awesome features of this role (if I do say so myself) is the deployment of Sensu [checks](https://sensuapp.org/docs/latest/reference/checks) on a dynamic basis. Deployment of which checks should be distributed to which nodes is determined from group membership within the Ansible inventory.

Have a group of webservers you need to monitor webservices on? Well, I'm sure you've bunched them together in your inventory under the `[webservers]` group, right? Or perhaps you only want to monitor disk space on your production systems; if they're a member of `[production]` within the inventory, you can do this easily.

## How it works
Much like [the dynamic datastore](dynamic_data/), I have also defined a static data store within my Ansible codebase, by setting the variable `static_data_store`. By default it's set to the playbook directory, but it can be changed to any location.
Within this static datastore resides the following directory structure:
```
$ tree data/static
data/static
`-- sensu
    |-- checks
    |-- definitions
    |-- handlers
    `-- mutators
```
With all the checks and definitions dropped in, the static data store might look something like this:
```
$ tree data/static
data/static
`-- sensu
    |-- checks
    |   |-- rabbitmq_servers
    |   |   `-- check_rabbitmq.sh
    |   |-- redis_servers
    |   |   `-- check_redis.sh
    |   |-- webservers
    |   |   `-- check_nginx.sh
    |   `-- zones
    |       |-- check_cpu.rb
    |       |-- check_disk.rb
    |       `-- check_mem.rb
    |-- definitions
    |   |-- check_nginx.json.j2
    |   |-- check_rabbitmq.json.j2
    |   |-- check_redis.json.j2
    |   |-- pushover.json.j2
    |   |-- pushover_handler.json.j2
    |   |-- smartos_check_cpu.json.j2
    |   |-- smartos_check_disk.json.j2
    |   `-- smartos_check_mem.json.j2
    |-- handlers
    |   `-- pushover.rb
    `-- mutators
```
As you can see, in the `sensu/checks` directory, there are the `rabbitmq_servers`, `redis_servers`, `webservers` & `zones` subdirectories.
If you've had a peruse through some of the other documentation here, you'll know that these groups are defined within my Ansible inventory:
``` ini
[rabbitmq_servers]
test.cmacr.ae

[redis_servers]
redis.cmacr.ae

[sensu_masters]
sensu.cmacr.ae

[webservers]
blog.cmacr.ae
web.cmacr.ae
sab.cmacr.ae
tater.cmacr.ae
beardy.cmacr.ae
pkgsrc.cmacr.ae

[zones]
ansible.cmacr.ae
beardy.cmacr.ae
blog.cmacr.ae
bunny.cmacr.ae
git.cmacr.ae
irc.cmacr.ae
pkgsrc.cmacr.ae
redis.cmacr.ae
sab.cmacr.ae
sensu.cmacr.ae
tater.cmacr.ae
web.cmacr.ae
test.cmacr.ae
```
Under these subdirectories, you can see [checks](https://sensuapp.org/docs/latest/reference/checks) that relate to the directory they're placed in.
For example, our `webservers` subdirectory includes a `check_nginx.sh` script, whilst the `rabbitmq_servers` subdirectory has one that most likely checks for RabbitMQ problems (it does... trust me).  

So how do these checks actually get deployed to their associated nodes?
With this pair of plays, in the `tasks/plugins.yml` playbook:
``` yaml
  - name: Register available checks
    local_action: command ls {{ static_data_store }}/sensu/checks
    register: sensu_available_checks
    changed_when: false

  - name: Deploy check plugins
    copy:
      src: "{{ static_data_store }}/sensu/checks/{{ item }}/"
      dest: "{{ sensu_config_path }}/plugins/"
      mode: 0755
      owner: "{{ sensu_user_name }}"
      group: "{{ sensu_group_name }}"
    when: "'{{ item }}' in sensu_available_checks.stdout_lines"
    with_flattened:
      - group_names
    notify: restart sensu-client service
```
This will [register](http://docs.ansible.com/playbooks_conditionals.html#register-variables) a list of available checks, then deploy them to their intended groups based on node membership, as set within the Ansible inventory.

And, because nodes can of course be members of more than just one group, checks will be deployed in full to nodes that belong to several groups!

## Picking up changes on the fly
Let's say, for some reason, one of your nodes decides to switch roles, or take on the responsibility of another role.
You've got a webserver, who all of a sudden you decide "this guy should be running redis too". No problem!
You probably had something like:
```
[webservers]
mime.domain.name
```
In your Ansible inventory, after this spontaneous decision to have your webserver also act as a key-value store, you may change it to the following:
```
[webservers]
mime.domain.name

[redis_servers]
mime.domain.name
```
Not to worry, the next time your playbook applying this Sensu role runs through (notably the `tasks/client.yml` & `tasks/plugins.yml` playbooks), the new checks for redis will be deployed to `mime.domain.name` and it'll be subscribed to the `redis_servers` stream within Sensu. Pretty slick, right?

The same goes for the removal of a node from a group. Did you just realize you really don't want `mime.domain.name` to act as a redis server?
It's cool, we all make mistakes, just take him out of the `[redis_servers]` group in your inventory. When your play comes through again, applying this Sensu role, he'll be unsubscribed from the `redis_servers` stream, and redis'll stop being monitored!

Commit message:

Added documentation for client-definitions

docs/dynamic_checks.md, after:

# Check Deployment
One of the awesome features of this role (if I do say so myself) is the deployment of Sensu [checks](https://sensuapp.org/docs/latest/reference/checks) on a dynamic basis. Deployment of which checks should be distributed to which nodes is determined from group membership within the Ansible inventory.

Have a group of webservers you need to monitor webservices on? Well, I'm sure you've bunched them together in your inventory under the `[webservers]` group, right? Or perhaps you only want to monitor disk space on your production systems; if they're a member of `[production]` within the inventory, you can do this easily.

## How it works
Much like [the dynamic datastore](dynamic_data/), I have also defined a static data store within my Ansible codebase, by setting the variable `static_data_store`. By default it's set to the playbook directory, but it can be changed to any location.
Within this static datastore resides the following directory structure:
```
$ tree data/static
data/static
`-- sensu
    |-- checks
    |-- definitions
    |-- handlers
    `-- mutators
```
With all the checks and definitions dropped in, the static data store might look something like this:
```
$ tree data/static
data/static
`-- sensu
    |-- checks
    |   |-- rabbitmq_servers
    |   |   `-- check_rabbitmq.sh
    |   |-- redis_servers
    |   |   `-- check_redis.sh
    |   |-- webservers
    |   |   `-- check_nginx.sh
    |   `-- zones
    |       |-- check_cpu.rb
    |       |-- check_disk.rb
    |       `-- check_mem.rb
    |-- definitions
    |   |-- check_nginx.json.j2
    |   |-- check_rabbitmq.json.j2
    |   |-- check_redis.json.j2
    |   |-- pushover.json.j2
    |   |-- pushover_handler.json.j2
    |   |-- smartos_check_cpu.json.j2
    |   |-- smartos_check_disk.json.j2
    |   `-- smartos_check_mem.json.j2
    |-- client-definitions
    |   |-- rabbitmq_servers
    |   |   `-- check_users.json.j2
    |   `-- webservers
    |       `-- check_uptime.json.j2
    |-- handlers
    |   `-- pushover.rb
    `-- mutators
```
As you can see, in the `sensu/checks` directory, there are the `rabbitmq_servers`, `redis_servers`, `webservers` & `zones` subdirectories.
If you've had a peruse through some of the other documentation here, you'll know that these groups are defined within my Ansible inventory:
``` ini
[rabbitmq_servers]
test.cmacr.ae

[redis_servers]
redis.cmacr.ae

[sensu_masters]
sensu.cmacr.ae

[webservers]
blog.cmacr.ae
web.cmacr.ae
sab.cmacr.ae
tater.cmacr.ae
beardy.cmacr.ae
pkgsrc.cmacr.ae

[zones]
ansible.cmacr.ae
beardy.cmacr.ae
blog.cmacr.ae
bunny.cmacr.ae
git.cmacr.ae
irc.cmacr.ae
pkgsrc.cmacr.ae
redis.cmacr.ae
sab.cmacr.ae
sensu.cmacr.ae
tater.cmacr.ae
web.cmacr.ae
test.cmacr.ae
```
Under these subdirectories, you can see [checks](https://sensuapp.org/docs/latest/reference/checks) that relate to the directory they're placed in.
For example, our `webservers` subdirectory includes a `check_nginx.sh` script, whilst the `rabbitmq_servers` subdirectory has one that most likely checks for RabbitMQ problems (it does... trust me).  

So how do these checks actually get deployed to their associated nodes?
With this pair of plays, in the `tasks/plugins.yml` playbook:
``` yaml
  - name: Register available checks
    local_action: command ls {{ static_data_store }}/sensu/checks
    register: sensu_available_checks
    changed_when: false

  - name: Deploy check plugins
    copy:
      src: "{{ static_data_store }}/sensu/checks/{{ item }}/"
      dest: "{{ sensu_config_path }}/plugins/"
      mode: 0755
      owner: "{{ sensu_user_name }}"
      group: "{{ sensu_group_name }}"
    when: "'{{ item }}' in sensu_available_checks.stdout_lines"
    with_flattened:
      - group_names
    notify: restart sensu-client service
```
This will [register](http://docs.ansible.com/playbooks_conditionals.html#register-variables) a list of available checks, then deploy them to their intended groups based on node membership, as set within the Ansible inventory.

And, because nodes can of course be members of more than just one group, checks will be deployed in full to nodes that belong to several groups!

Additionally, standalone checks can be distributed to hosts based on group membership. These definitions are located in the client-definitions folder. These will be deployed to the configuration directory of the clients.

These are deployed with the following pair of plays, also in the `tasks/plugins.yml` playbook:
``` yaml
- name: Register available client definitions
  local_action: command ls {{ static_data_store }}/sensu/client_definitions
  register: sensu_available_client_definitions
  changed_when: false
  become: false

- name: Deploy client definitions
  copy:
    src: "{{ static_data_store }}/sensu/client_definitions/{{ item }}/"
    dest: "{{ sensu_config_path }}/conf.d/{{ item | basename | regex_replace('.j2', '')}}"
    mode: 0755
    owner: "{{ sensu_user_name }}"
    group: "{{ sensu_group_name }}"
  when: "sensu_available_client_definitions is defined and item in sensu_available_client_definitions.stdout_lines"
  with_flattened:
    - "{{ group_names }}"
  notify: restart sensu-client service
```

## Picking up changes on the fly
Let's say, for some reason, one of your nodes decides to switch roles, or take on the responsibility of another role.
You've got a webserver, who all of a sudden you decide "this guy should be running redis too". No problem!
You probably had something like:
```
[webservers]
mime.domain.name
```
In your Ansible inventory, after this spontaneous decision to have your webserver also act as a key-value store, you may change it to the following:
```
[webservers]
mime.domain.name

[redis_servers]
mime.domain.name
```
Not to worry, the next time your playbook applying this Sensu role runs through (notably the `tasks/client.yml` & `tasks/plugins.yml` playbooks), the new checks for redis will be deployed to `mime.domain.name` and it'll be subscribed to the `redis_servers` stream within Sensu. Pretty slick, right?

The same goes for the removal of a node from a group. Did you just realize you really don't want `mime.domain.name` to act as a redis server?
It's cool, we all make mistakes, just take him out of the `[redis_servers]` group in your inventory. When your play comes through again, applying this Sensu role, he'll be unsubscribed from the `redis_servers` stream, and redis'll stop being monitored!
